Specify that mitigating privacy risks is an open problem. (#46)
tlswg/external-psk-design-team: draft-ietf-tls-external-psk-guidance.md

Traditionally, TLS does little to keep PSK identity information private. For example,
an adversary learns information about the external PSK or its identifier by virtue of it
appearing in cleartext in a ClientHello. As a result, a passive adversary can link

> two or more connections together that use the same external PSK on the wire. How best to
> mitigate these risks remains an open problem.

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
two or more connections together that use the same external PSK on the wire. Techniques for mitigating
these risks require analysis and are out of scope for this document.
```
